Quick astarte instance (#14)
astarte-platform/sdk-doc: source/get_started.md

# Getting started guide

All of the Astarte device SDKs are dependent on an Astarte instance running locally or remotely.

> If you are new to Astarte and would like to quicly test one of our SDKs with an Astarte instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to Astarte and would like to quickly test one of our SDKs with an Astarte instance
```

on your local machine and/or network then follow our
[Astarte quick instance](astarte_quick_instance.md) guide to set up an Astarte instance from scratch.
Furthermore, we recommend reading the
[Astarte documentation](https://docs.astarte-platform.org/astarte/latest/001-intro_user.html) if you

> with to dive deeper in the Astarte platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
want to dive deeper in the Astarte platform's inner workings.
```
